one of the most familiar symbols in the
capital of São Paulo lived today a
unprecedented experience during the turn
is the 10 athletes have climbed to
the concrete wall here in the building
of tv gazette in full Paulista Avenue
on the São Paulo avenue this afternoon all
Looks were turned to the top is
that up to 20 meters from the ground the
wall of facade of tv gazeta
I received the finishing touches to become the
stage of an unprecedented event in the capital
the red bull jungle stone championship
that integrated the programming of the
8th sporting turn of São Paulo
competing friends threw me go
to train in são paulo that the curious to
know how they will solve this
question and scale the facade of the building
and it was only the first stage of the dispute
get to the sidewalk of the avenue
of São Paulo to become an audience so
lively that even the drizzle of this Saturday
managed to disrupt the
which was conceived in 1978 by the
journalist fernando lemos formed by
Casper Libero and his brother the architect
Carlos Lemos has spent the last 30 days
being restored by a team
specialized in façades, the partnership with
red bull made this icon of the
Paulista Avenue
then the event dem as the terror
because we our people our history
focused on sport
so you wanna we're having the
opportunity to have an event of this
the first time a panel this size
is an emblematic wall for the
São Paulo city and for the
climbers because it is a training
suitable for climbing
then everyone passes by in São Paulo.
and hey, I want to raise this deal
in the initial stage ten competitors of
several states have climbed the
two vertical paths arrives at the end
wanting more impediments the place does not
It was really cool, you do not have many favorites.
in fact only has a high-end installer
so no one is accustomed to this
Kind of climbing then I think it's going to be
surprising anyway
before now painted athlete still stands
more complicated
in the final stage of egg whites but he has
to do the whole course of Madrid only
who in the jaguar did not see the game with the fall
of one of the clutches of aid was
to make a final and final
first edition of the São Paulo
trophy was not even for Goiânia and not for
bh jonny cappellari was the one who took the
premium for southern cajias precisely in the
date on which the day of the gaucho is celebrated
in the country was completely unexpected
I see you from afar and river lip
great southern with the best
climbers there I really did not expect
it was amazing